chore: first draft of the PITR explanation. (#4496)
timescale/docs: use-timescale/backup-restore.md

<Availability products={['cloud']} />

To recover your $SERVICE_SHORT from a destructive or unwanted action, create a point-in-time recovery fork. You can 
recover a $SERVICE_SHORT to any point within the period [defined by your pricing plan][pricing-and-account-management].
The provision time for the recovery fork is typically less than twenty minutes, but can take longer depending on the 
amount of WAL to be replayed. The original $SERVICE_SHORT stays untouched to avoid losing data created since the time 
of recovery.

> All tiered data remains recoverable during the PITR period. When restoring to any point-in-time recovery fork, your

Reviewer: This is a good explanation of tiered data behavior for PITR.

Author: :-) thank you :-)

$SERVICE_SHORT contains all data that existed at that moment - whether it was stored in high-performance or low-cost

> storage. PITR works in the following way:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
storage. 
```

- **Recovery behavior**
  - Data restored from a PITR point is placed into high-performance storage

>   - The original tiered data remains in as a separate copy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - The tiered data, as of that point in time, remains in tiered storage
```

>   - The $SERVICE_SHORT state matches the recovery point exactly, including tiered chunk references in the OSM catalog

Reviewer: Please remove this line.

Author: Done

> - **Reference tracking**

Reviewer: Please remove the section on reference tracking.(internal implementation details that are not relevant from a customer perspective)

Author: Done

  - $CLOUD_LONG tracks which parquet files correspond to tiered chunks
  - When chunks are untiered and re-tiered, new data is written to different locations without overwriting the originals

> - **Data lifecycle**

Reviewer: Please remove the section on data life cycle as well (lines 83 to 85). This is confusing : we do not call out how we manage EBS storage. Similarly we do not need to talk about how we manage S3 storage internally for PITR purposes. These are implementation details.

Author: Done

  - Tiered data is only considered `dropped` after the PITR retention period expires
  - For billing purposes, tiered data stops being charged once chunks are no longer referenced (untiered/deleted)
  - No charges apply for tiered data after service deletion

> To avoid paying for compute for the recovery fork and the original $SERVICE_SHORT, pause the original to only pay 

Reviewer: Please keep this line.
